## Databases and Tables

The included desktop application uses a local database, by default it uses the DBF(dBase format) to store it locally for simplicity.  Although for any custom tables that are added by users, it can effortlessly be connected to popular database servers, such as MariaDB and PostgreSQL.  This can allow for example, multiple users to easily view and edit the website data if needed in a group or corporate setting.  A video tutorial will be created in the future which will go through the process of adding full database server support, along with the needed login dialog boxes to properly authenticate any users.  For simple static websites, you should consider just using the more simpler DBF file format, as it is very easy to back-up, and to implement within the database manager software itself.

### Exporting to the static web...

You have two options for exporting, which can only be altered by recompiling the desktop application, as this is a compile-time option.  If you need all of the database data to be accessible immediately upon website loading, then you should consider using the `DATABASE` define, and exporting a unified single JSON database file.  However, if you are planning on having all the data embedded inside the application itself during deployment, then exporting as individual table JSON files, and including them as individual resources will be the direction you will need to take.  However, for most websites, you shouldn't need to embed everything, as data changes daily, and having to recompile the whole site each day for each update is too tedious for most people.  So, this export option really only applies to when data is stored externally from the website, which should be in a majority of cases.  Use the `DATABASE` define if you need all the data available immediately, use individual table files if you'd rather load each table from the static web server on-demand, or if say you built a server-side application, and would like to combine that with this program, then you can load any JSON file on-demand as needed.  I am trying to provide as many options as possible to allow this to be used in many different places as easily as possible.
